chore: Minor patch PR following up from Fx release docs (#33582)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

### from keyword for relative colors

The `from` keyword is now parsed as valid CSS syntax when the `layout.css.relative-color-syntax.enabled` preference is set to `true`.

> This keyword currently has no effect but will not produce syntax errors when used in valid places in CSS color functions, allowing the work for [relative colors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors/Relative_colors) to proceed.

Reviewer: What about:
```suggestion
Although this keyword currently has no effect, it will not produce syntax errors when used in valid places in CSS color functions, thereby supporting the ongoing work on [relative colors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors/Relative_colors).
```
